hi welcome to another video with your PC
today we're going to take a look at this
Dell Latitude laptop they were sailing
currently right now in your PC and I'll
put a link in the description where you
can buy this particular laptop on our
website now actual model this latitude
is the e5 4 1 0 and this laptop comes
with an intel core i3 370 m processor
running a clock speed of 2.4 gigahertz
it also comes with two games around and
i'll 250 gave it a hard drive and comes
pre-installed with Microsoft Windows 7
Professional 32-bit and I'll just run
through some more specs for this laptop
and I'll let you take a look at it from
different angles the screen size is also
fourteen point one inches of the maximum
resolution of 1280 by 800 and the RAM
that you get with this Patel laptop is
ddr3 RAM and HD Brown and the RAM speed
is 100 1333 makers and this laptop
doesn't come with a dedicated graphics
card comes with onboard graphics from
Intel
just volcano specs for this laptop so
this is everything that you will see
from us new PC get your power cable and
the power adapter
let's stop just click it - cause it's a
slimline one easy to travel with then
you get your people are safe the
environment and reggaeton a information
and then you have Delta software license
game then we have fashion laptop myself
again this is Dell Latitude
ePHI for ones you
those runs placed under the ports that
has got a power port you get the two
USBs we got VGA for recall a one three
nine four four we're going to make the
phone for the headphone for and there's
an SD card slot down here and here is
the wireless on an off switch and here's
just a latch for opening up a laptop
this is where you can pair the optical
drive and here's two USB as well and
here is an Ethernet port to open the
laptop up and let you take a look at it
just a nice little business laptop your
trackpad the buttons toilet is inside a
keyboard nearly fourteen point one inch
screen
just really what all you get with the
day last you'd be five four one zero
I hope you enjoyed this or here video of
the day last should be five four one
zero and we'll see you later
and another video thanks